Update code snippets for Java SDK & JDBC (#14068)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/recipes/ydb-sdk/bulk-upsert.md

  For bulk upsert, use [transactional upsert](./upsert.md).

- Java

  ```java
    private static final String TABLE_NAME = "bulk_upsert";
    private static final int BATCH_SIZE = 1000;

    public static void main(String[] args) {
        String connectionString = args[0];

        try (GrpcTransport transport = GrpcTransport.forConnectionString(connectionString)
                .withAuthProvider(NopAuthProvider.INSTANCE) // use anonymous credentials
                .build()) {

>             // For bulk upsert we have to use full path to table;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            // For bulk upsert, the full table path needs to be specified
```

            String tablePath = transport.getDatabase() + "/" + TABLE_NAME;
            try (TableClient tableClient = TableClient.newClient(transport).build()) {
                SessionRetryContext retryCtx = SessionRetryContext.create(tableClient).build();
                execute(retryCtx, tablePath);
            }
        }
    }

    public static void execute(SessionRetryContext retryCtx, String tablePath) {

>         // description of table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // table description
```

        StructType structType = StructType.of(
            "app", PrimitiveType.Text,
            "timestamp", PrimitiveType.Timestamp,
            "host", PrimitiveType.Text,
            "http_code", PrimitiveType.Uint32,
            "message", PrimitiveType.Text
        );

        // generate batch of records
        List<Value<?>> list = new ArrayList<>(50);
        for (int i = 0; i < BATCH_SIZE; i += 1) {

>             // add a new row as struct value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            // add a new row as a struct value
```
